Z-Wave controllers: add Razberry hat config for Pi 5 (#31466)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/z-wave/controllers.markdown

### Razberry Board

> You need to disable the on-board Bluetooth since the board requires the use of the hardware UART (and there's only one on the Raspberry Pi 3). You do this by adding the following to the end of `/boot/config.txt`:

Reviewer: There should be another way - use the `miniuart-bt` (or `pi3-miniuart-bt` on Pi3). But it's out of scope what's being changed here, so adding it just for the record.

> You need to disable the on-board Bluetooth since the board requires the use of the hardware UART (and there's only one on the Raspberry Pi 3). You do this by adding the following to the end of `/boot/config.txt`:

Reviewer: Slightly more accurate from the technical perspective, plus removing the confusing colon from the first paragraph:
```suggestion
On Raspberry Pi 3 and 4, you need to disable the on-board Bluetooth since the board requires the use of the hardware UART (whose pins are shared with the Bluetooth). You do this by adjusting the `/boot/config.txt`.
```
